#Trivial Update readme files. (#639)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/organisms/f-header/README.md

## Usage

### Installation

Install the module using NPM or Yarn:

```sh
yarn add @justeat/f-header
```

```sh
npm install @justeat/f-header
```

### Vue Applications

You can import it in your Vue SFC like this (please note that styles have to be imported separately):

```js
import VueHeader from '@justeat/f-header';
import '@justeat/f-header/dist/f-header.css';

export default {
    components: {
        VueHeader
    }
}
```

> If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `mega-modal` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `f-header` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:
```
